
realm=Tarren Mill&name=Нехай Щастить
realm=Tarren Mill&name=Wrong Tactics Folks
realm=Tarren Mill&name=Tauren Milfs
realm=Tarren Mill&name=Nomads TM
realm=Tarren Mill&name=The Toxic Avengers
realm=Tarren Mill&name=Mayhem Soul
realm=Tarren Mill&name=Millennial Union
realm=Tarren Mill&name=Draenei Milfs
realm=Tarren Mill&name=GBK
realm=Tarren Mill&name=UA Cyborgs
realm=Tarren Mill&name=Ryan Gosling
realm=Tarren Mill&name=Order of the Trident
realm=Tarren Mill&name=EtherealsUA
realm=Tarren Mill&name=True Men Love
realm=Tarren Mill&name=Thorned Horde
realm=Tarren Mill&name=NBU
realm=Tarren Mill&name=Potujnovodsk
realm=Howling Fjord&name=Нехай Щастить
realm=Howling Fjord&name=Бавовна
realm=Howling Fjord&name=Фортеця
realm=Howling Fjord&name=Чёрный заслон
realm=Howling Fjord&name=Дякую за РТ
realm=Howling Fjord&name=Багряна Вежа
realm=Terokkar&name=Ukrainian Alliance
realm=Terokkar&name=Arey
realm=Terokkar&name=Knaipa Variativ
realm=Terokkar&name=Komora
realm=Terokkar&name=Khorugva
realm=Terokkar&name=Glory to Heroes
realm=Terokkar&name=Neutral Chaotic
realm=Silvermoon&name=Mythologeme
realm=Silvermoon&name=Alphalogeme
realm=Silvermoon&name=MRIYA
realm=Silvermoon&name=MOVA
realm=Silvermoon&name=BAPTA KOTIB
realm=Silvermoon&name=Synevyr
realm=Silvermoon&name=Ukraine
realm=Silvermoon&name=Bcecbit
realm=Silvermoon&name=Pray for Ukraine
realm=Silvermoon&name=SNÁFU
realm=Silvermoon&name=BBC team
realm=Silvermoon&name=iSHO
realm=Silvermoon&name=Dark Green
realm=Silvermoon&name=Wild Field
realm=Kazzak&name=Borsch Battalion
realm=Kazzak&name=Hwg
realm=Kazzak&name=UKRAINIAN GUILD
realm=Ravencrest&name=Viysko NightElfiyske
realm=Ravencrest&name=Ababagalamaga
realm=Ravencrest&name=Tovarystvo Zolotyy Husak
realm=Ravencrest&name=Unite for Ukraine
realm=Twisting Nether&name=Morok
realm=Draenor&name=FavouriteWorstNightmare
realm=Draenor&name=Ukrainian Cossacks
realm=Draenor&name=Precedent UA
realm=Gordunni&name=Героям слава
realm=Gordunni&name=Гуляйполе
realm=Gordunni&name=Квента
realm=Gordunni&name=Эйситерия
realm=Eversong&name=Харцизи
realm=Eversong&name=Мы с Украины
realm=Soulflayer&name=Поляна Квасова